Hi there, my name is Xintong, I'm a product designer focused on complex user experiences,
with recent work in fintech.
In my work, I often explore different ways a flow could work, compare options, and decide
what should be prioritised or simplified based on business needs and system constraints.
My background is a mix of product design and fine art, which has shaped how I communicate ideas.
I tend to externalise thinking early through sketches and workshops,
so decisions can be shared, discussed, and iterated on with my product and engineer team.
In my portfolio, you'll see examples of how I use flow exploration, visual thinking,
and collaborative workshops to shape and refine product decisions.
I do hope you enjoy reading it, bye now :)